README.md, before:

## Table of Contents

1. [General Info](#general-info)
2. [Technologies](#technologies)
3. [Installation](#installation)
4. [User Story](#user-story)
5. [FAQs](#faqs)

### General Info

Your Challenge this week is emblematic of the fact that most modern websites are driven by two things: data and user demands. This shouldn't come as a surprise, as the ability to personalize user data is the cornerstone of real-world web development today. And as user demands evolve, applications need to be more performant.

This week, you’ll take a fully functioning Google Books API search engine built with a RESTful API, and refactor it to be a GraphQL API built with Apollo Server. The app was built using the MERN stack, with a React front end, MongoDB database, and Node.js/Express.js server and API. It's already set up to allow users to save book searches to the back end.

### Screenshot

![Image text](https://www.united-internet.de/fileadmin/user_upload/Brands/Downloads/Logo_IONOS_by.jpg)

## Technologies

---

A list of technologies used within the project:

- [Apollo]: Version 2.15.0

## Installation

---

A little intro about the installation.

```
$ git clone https://example.com
$ cd ../path/to/the/file
$ npm install
$ npm start
```

Side information: To use the application in a special environment use `lorem ipsum` to start

## User Story

`GIVEN a book search engine
WHEN I load the search engine
THEN I am presented with a menu with the options Search for Books and Login/Signup and an input field to search for books and a submit button
WHEN I click on the Search for Books menu option
THEN I am presented with an input field to search for books and a submit button
WHEN I am not logged in and enter a search term in the input field and click the submit button
THEN I am presented with several search results, each featuring a book’s title, author, description, image, and a link to that book on the Google Books site
WHEN I click on the Login/Signup menu option
THEN a modal appears on the screen with a toggle between the option to log in or sign up
WHEN the toggle is set to Signup
THEN I am presented with three inputs for a username, an email address, and a password, and a signup button
WHEN the toggle is set to Login
THEN I am presented with two inputs for an email address and a password and login button
WHEN I enter a valid email address and create a password and click on the signup button
THEN my user account is created and I am logged in to the site
WHEN I enter my account’s email address and password and click on the login button
THEN I the modal closes and I am logged in to the site
WHEN I am logged in to the site
THEN the menu options change to Search for Books, an option to see my saved books, and Logout
WHEN I am logged in and enter a search term in the input field and click the submit button
THEN I am presented with several search results, each featuring a book’s title, author, description, image, and a link to that book on the Google Books site and a button to save a book to my account
WHEN I click on the Save button on a book
THEN that book’s information is saved to my account
WHEN I click on the option to see my saved books
THEN I am presented with all of the books I have saved to my account, each featuring the book’s title, author, description, image, and a link to that book on the Google Books site and a button to remove a book from my account
WHEN I click on the Remove button on a book
THEN that book is deleted from my saved books list
WHEN I click on the Logout button
THEN I am logged out of the site and presented with a menu with the options Search for Books and Login/Signup and an input field to search for books and a submit button`

## FAQs

---

A list of frequently asked questions

1. **This is a question in bold**
   Answer to the first question with _italic words_.
2. **Second question in bold**
   To answer this question, we use an unordered list:

- First point
- Second Point
- Third point

3. **Third question in bold**
   Answer to the third question with _italic words_.
4. **Fourth question in bold**
   | Headline 1 in the tablehead | Headline 2 in the tablehead | Headline 3 in the tablehead |
   |:--------------|:-------------:|--------------:|
   | text-align left | text-align center | text-align right |

Commit message:

Heroku Link added to the README

README.md, after:

## Table of Contents

1. [General Info](#general-info)
2. [Heroku Link](#heroku-link)
3. [Installation](#installation)
4. [User Story](#user-story)
5. [FAQs](#faqs)

### General Info

Your Challenge this week is emblematic of the fact that most modern websites are driven by two things: data and user demands. This shouldn't come as a surprise, as the ability to personalize user data is the cornerstone of real-world web development today. And as user demands evolve, applications need to be more performant.

This week, you’ll take a fully functioning Google Books API search engine built with a RESTful API, and refactor it to be a GraphQL API built with Apollo Server. The app was built using the MERN stack, with a React front end, MongoDB database, and Node.js/Express.js server and API. It's already set up to allow users to save book searches to the back end.

### Screenshot

![Image text](https://www.united-internet.de/fileadmin/user_upload/Brands/Downloads/Logo_IONOS_by.jpg)

## Heroku Link

---

This is the deployed Heroku Link >> https://polar-journey-17487.herokuapp.com/

## Installation

---

A little intro about the installation.

```
$ git clone https://example.com
$ cd ../path/to/the/file
$ npm install
$ npm start
```

Side information: To use the application in a special environment use `lorem ipsum` to start

## User Story

`GIVEN a book search engine
WHEN I load the search engine
THEN I am presented with a menu with the options Search for Books and Login/Signup and an input field to search for books and a submit button
WHEN I click on the Search for Books menu option
THEN I am presented with an input field to search for books and a submit button
WHEN I am not logged in and enter a search term in the input field and click the submit button
THEN I am presented with several search results, each featuring a book’s title, author, description, image, and a link to that book on the Google Books site
WHEN I click on the Login/Signup menu option
THEN a modal appears on the screen with a toggle between the option to log in or sign up
WHEN the toggle is set to Signup
THEN I am presented with three inputs for a username, an email address, and a password, and a signup button
WHEN the toggle is set to Login
THEN I am presented with two inputs for an email address and a password and login button
WHEN I enter a valid email address and create a password and click on the signup button
THEN my user account is created and I am logged in to the site
WHEN I enter my account’s email address and password and click on the login button
THEN I the modal closes and I am logged in to the site
WHEN I am logged in to the site
THEN the menu options change to Search for Books, an option to see my saved books, and Logout
WHEN I am logged in and enter a search term in the input field and click the submit button
THEN I am presented with several search results, each featuring a book’s title, author, description, image, and a link to that book on the Google Books site and a button to save a book to my account
WHEN I click on the Save button on a book
THEN that book’s information is saved to my account
WHEN I click on the option to see my saved books
THEN I am presented with all of the books I have saved to my account, each featuring the book’s title, author, description, image, and a link to that book on the Google Books site and a button to remove a book from my account
WHEN I click on the Remove button on a book
THEN that book is deleted from my saved books list
WHEN I click on the Logout button
THEN I am logged out of the site and presented with a menu with the options Search for Books and Login/Signup and an input field to search for books and a submit button`

## FAQs

---

A list of frequently asked questions

1. **This is a question in bold**
   Answer to the first question with _italic words_.
2. **Second question in bold**
   To answer this question, we use an unordered list:

- First point
- Second Point
- Third point

3. **Third question in bold**
   Answer to the third question with _italic words_.
4. **Fourth question in bold**
   | Headline 1 in the tablehead | Headline 2 in the tablehead | Headline 3 in the tablehead |
   |:--------------|:-------------:|--------------:|
   | text-align left | text-align center | text-align right |
